# Redalf 15.6″ Laptop Screen Extender, 1080P FHD Triple Portable Laptop Monitor Extender,Detachable Screen Travel Monitor for 13″-17.3″ Laptops

Features & Compatibility
Category： Laptop Screen Extender， [Laptop Monitor Extender](https://redalfstore.com/redalf-laptop-screen-extender-triple-portable-laptop-monitor-extender/)， Triple Portable Monitor

【Versatile and Customizable Stand】The newly upgraded stand has a flexible design that supports 235° horizontal rotation and 90° vertical rotation, and can be customised for landscape, portrait, and stacked folding screen configurations. It also features a detachable option that allows the single-sided laptop screen extender to be used independently when travelling (only 2.1 lbs per side). For all your daily work, leisure and entertainment needs Whether you’re collaborating with colleagues or presenting to clients, it’s easy to view from any angle.
【1080P IPS FHD quality】The triple [portable monitor laptop](https://redalfstore.com/redalf-laptop-screen-extender-triple-portable-laptop-monitor-extender/) uses 15.6-inch FHD 1080P IPS screen, providing you higher image quality, brighter screen and more vivid colors. With the built in speakers, you can enjoy a better viewing experience. At the same time, the low-blue light design portable display has anti-glare and flicker-free functions, which provides eye protection
【Improve your Work Efficiency By 300% 】The triple monitor laptop has a deformable function. This can significantly increase your productivity by up to 300%, you can open 3 pages at the same time and debug them in real time. Advanced mode allows you to perform multiple tasks at the same time. You can also program, create spreadsheets, and finance at the same time, greatly increasing your productivity.Not only that, when you are giving presentations or playing games, you can disassemble it into two 15.6-inch single screens and share them with friends or colleagues, which greatly improves the fun experience
【Plug and Play, No Driver Required】This is a triple laptop screen extender for 13″-17.3″ laptops, whether you choose a USB-C, USB-A or HDMI connection, simply plug in the laptop screen extender and start your daily use without drivers. (Please note: When using the HDMI cable, connect an additional USB-A to USB-C cable on the same screen extender for power supply)
【Broad compatibility】Our new monitor extender supports a variety of devices and operating systems, and this triple screen laptop monitor extender is compatible with Windows, Mac (M1 Pro/ Max, M2 Pro/ Max, M3 Pro/ Max,Does not support M1/M2/M3 chip), Chrome, Android, Linux, Dex other devices, please read the instructions carefully before use. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us and we will get back to you within 24 hours
